With the execution of Order 66 and the Sith’s
successful takeover of the galaxy, the Jedi
were forced into hiding.
The Empire’s official public policy on the
Jedi was to kill them all, but privately Palpatine
wished to convert some of the remaining Jedi
to become his dark side servants, as he did
with Anakin Skywalker.
So here are 5 other prominent Jedi that were
converted to the dark side and joined the
Galactic Empire.
First we have Antinnis Tremayne.
He was originally a Jedi padawan and the apprentice
of Jedi Master Dav Kylanu.
During his time as a Jedi he was fascinated
by the dark side and the potential power it
could offer him.
A fascination that was amplified when he fought
during the Clone Wars, a war that deeply affected
him as he saw thousands die around him, with
his own Master eventually being killed in
battle.
He was later captured and held prisoner until
the war was over.
After the war, Antinnis was taken to the deep
core world Byss along with many other captured
Jedi padawans and Agricultural Corps members,
which were Jedi that never got picked by a
master and instead used their powers to grow
food rather than fight.
Once there he and the others were put to a
test by Darth Vader himself.
Vader was ordered by Palpatine to find worthy
students to be trained as the Empire’s newly
created Inquisitors, who would be tasked in
hunting down remaining Jedi.
The test involved the Jedi being given wooden
staffs and then being forced to fight Vader.
Vader was able to beat down pretty much all
the padawans and Agricultural Core members
with relative ease, mocking them and bragging
about how he destroyed their Order.
During the test, Antinnis took a risk and
pushed one of the buttons on Vader’s suit,
which caused the Sith Lord’s breathing system
to shut down.
Although such an act only caused Vader to
gasp for a few seconds before he turned the
function back on, it did impress him, causing
him to pick Antinnis and a few others to become
Inquisitors.
Now chosen to become an Inquisitor, Antinnis
was trained in the dark side of the force
by Darth Vader.
Once fully trained Antinnis became a spokesman
for the New Order’s youth group and carried
out his duties as one of the Emperor’s enforcers.
Though whenever he came across a Jedi Antinnis
always tried to persuade them to join him
and the Empire, arguing that what he was doing
was the exact same thing what the Jedi did
of the past but in a new uniform.
Most Jedi refused, but some did join, including
Jedi Master Jerec who later became a prominent
Inquisitor himself.
Overtime Antinnis was promoted to High Inquisitor
for his work and was even thought to be one
day an Emperor’s Hand, a personal servant
of Palpatine.
But not everything went well for him as during
his fight against Jedi knight Corwin Shelvay,
Antinnis lost his arm and right eye.
As a result he had to undergo surgery, to
which Vader purposely made sure that he received
some of the more unattractive prosthetics
as a means to lessen the Inquisitors large
ego and to make him look more menacing, as
before he was somewhat of a soft spoken and
kind man.
But the surgery changed that for the worse.
By the time of the Rebellion, Antinnis was
considered to be one of the Empire’s most
powerful and dangerous Inquisitors.
He was assigned the Imperial Star Destroyer
named the Interrogator and was known to treat
his crewman poorly, executing all those that
didn’t fulfil their duty perfectly.
Despite this he was often successful in chasing
down and destroying local Rebel cells within
star systems, and he was renowned for being
one of the best interrogators within the ranks
of the Empire.
Later he helped Vader stop a coup against
Palpatine lead by Grand Admiral Demetrius
Zaarin.
After that he was tasked in hunting down a
former Inquisitor named Adalric Brandl who
had defected from the Empire.
When the Empire started to fall apart following
Palpatine and Vader’s deaths on the second
death star, Antinnis joined the Imperial Remnant
known as the Empire Reborn which was created
by fellow dark Jedi.
He didn’t really do much after that other
than discover and reveal the Valley of the
Jedi to the leader of the Empire Reborn, which
was a place that was immensely strong in the
force.
Second we have Jerec, a male Miraluka, a species
that were born blind, but were able to see
through the force.
As a Jedi padawan, he was the apprentice of
Jedi Master Jocasta Nu.
Over the years, Jerec became more and more
obsessed with obtaining knowledge and exposing
himself to ancient lore.
By the time he was a Jedi Master, he believed
he had already learned all that the Jedi had
to offer, and that him staying in the light
limited his potential in gaining more knowledge
of the force.
He was later sent to a mission in the Unknown
Regions to collect ancient lost artifacts
before the clone wars.
He would remain there for the entire war and
later during the execution of order 66.
When he returned to the main galaxy, he was
captured by the Inquisitor Antinnis Tremayne,
who gave Jerec the choice: join the empire
or die.
Seeing an opportunity to finally learn from
the dark side, Jerec eagerly joined and became
an Inquisitor himself.
As an Inquisitor, Jerec was successful in
locating surviving Jedi and turning them to
the dark side.
As a reward for his successes, he was allowed
to pursue sith lore, along with all the Jedi
lore within the Jedi archives to his heart’s
content.
As a result he became one of the Empire’s
most knowledgeable Sith scholars.
As he grew stronger, he believed that he deserved
to be Emperor Palpatine’s apprentice, and
that Darth Vader was unworthy as a Sith Lord.
Some time after coming to that conclusion,
he believed that he should be the Emperor.
So he began to consolidate as much power as
he could within the Empire in an effort to
one day overthrow Palpatine.
He did this by converting the Empire’s Dark
side adepts to be more loyal to him rather
than to Palpatine, in return for more power
once he became Emperor.
He also used his position as a High Inquisitor
to influence financial backers and convince
them to fund him, which in turn made Jerec
into a billionaire.
But despite his ambition and plot to take
over the Empire, Emperor Palpatine was more
than aware of what he was trying to do.
As a consequence he removed Jerec’s access
to Sith Lore and would put loyal Imperials
to oversee the High Inquisitor’s actions,
including Grand Admiral Thrawn who was at
times assigned to Jerec’s star destroyer
the Vengeance.
Another great ambition of his was discovering
the Valley of the Jedi, which would have given
him immense amount of power due to the location’s
strong connection to the force.
Though him discovering the valley led to his
eventual downfall as he was defeated by a
Jedi named Kyle Katarn, who went on to free
the trapped souls of the Valley which gave
the place its power.
When he died Jerec’s body dissolved in a
flash of the dark side energy and he was sent
to Chaos, which was the force underworld,
also known as Hell.
Third is Beyghor Sahdett.
He was a Jedi Master who survived Order 66
by overpowering and cutting down the clones
that were trying to kill him.
But despite his skill with the lightsaber
and force, he was eventually captured by the
Empire.
As a prisoner he was taken to Palpatine along
with a few other Jedi and was ordered by the
new Emperor to fight for his survival.
When he and the other Jedi refused and attempted
to attack Palpatine, he witnessed the power
of the dark side as the Sith Lord cut down
3 of them with ease.
With only he and another Jedi left alive,
Beyghor attacked and killed her knowing it
was the only way he would survive.
As a reward for his obedience, he was allowed
to live and became a dark side adept for the
empire.
He served the Empire by going undercover.
Pretending to be a Jedi survivor he was able
to infiltrate resistance groups that smuggled
and protected remaining Jedi.
During one of his undercover missions his
true allegiance to the Sith was discovered
by a pair of Jedi who then attacked and subdued
him.
The bound and gagged Dark Jedi was then discovered
by Darth Vader when he came after the same
Jedi Beyghor was infiltrating.
When ungagged Beyghor began telling him who
he was and what his purpose was.
Probably believing it was a trick or seeing
him as a potential threat, Vader cut him down.
Fourth is Sardoth.
He was a Jedi Knight and the apprentice to
Lycan, who actually fell to the darkside and
ended up introducing its power to Sardoth.
Although his master was eventually arrested
for his crimes against the Jedi, Sardoth remained
in the order but the darkside he was introduced
to still lingered within him.
Shortly before the clone wars, Sardoth was
contacted by Palpatine’s secret agents and
was convinced to join the Sith Lord by secretly
aiding him.
As a result he was spared from Order 66 and
the Jedi Purge that ensued afterwards.
He remained as an enforcer for the Empire
until the Sith decided to betray him for unknown
reasons.
This forced him to go into hiding and change
his identity, to which he eventually ended
up operating a casino on the planet Ahakista.
He also went on to collect illegal lightsabers
and ran an underground black market.
Overtime the Empire came to Ahakista to construct
a commanding post to coordinate its navy.
During this time a guy named Darca came into
contact with Sardoth and he noticed that this
man held his former master’s lightsaber.
Wishing to get it back and add it to his collection,
Sardoth attacked the rebel mercenary.
This was the first time in a long time that
Sardoth had used the force in such a manner,
which ended up being his undoing as Vader
was on Ahakista at the time and sensed it.
He came to the tunnel that the two were dueling
in and confronted the fallen Jedi.
During the duel Sardoth asked why he was betrayed
despite his loyalty, to which Vader responded
that if he was worthy then he would have remained
an ally.
He then cut down Sardoth as he had done to
countless Jedi before him.
Fifth is is Maw.
He was a Boltrunian Jedi Knight and due to
his species nature he was an overly selfish
individual, to the point where he didn’t
even want to take a padawan because he wanted
to solely focus on himself.
He was apart of the Jedi Shadow organization,
which sought out to destroy everything that
was connected to the dark side and their followers.
Probably because he was on some remote planet
searching for dark side forces, he survived
Order 66 and the initial phase of the Jedi
purge.
Though it wasn’t long until the Empire caught
up with him.
The High Inquisitor Jerec soon tracked him
down and was able to convert him to the dark
side and convice him to join the Empire.
He became one of Jerec’s seven dark Jedi
that were loyal to him and were tasked in
helping him find the Valley of the Jedi.
At one point Jerec and the Seven Dark Jedi
were able to capture Jedi Master Qu Rahn.
During their interrogation of the Jedi, Qu
Rhan was able to make a quick attack and was
successfully able to cut Maw in half before
being struck down himself.
Although losing his legs, Maw was able to
survive the injury but was forced to have
a repulsorlift be surgically implanted onto
his lower torso to allow movement.
He was able to use the force to aide his ability
to levitate, and was eventually able to master
it to such a degree that he could use it to
his advantage during duels.
Though despite this new development and mastery
of using the force to levitate in such great
speeds, Maw was defeated and killed by Jedi
Kyle Katarn.
We want to thank James Mom from Twitter for
suggesting this video topic, as well as everyone
else who requested this video on youtube.